welcome to taste test New Zealand
edition and today I'm going to be trying
something from New Zealand that I have
never tried this before and was
completely unaware of it until a user on
one of my coffee time videos mentioned
it
it's called L&P lemon pyroar I think
that's what it's pronounced it says good
lemon ish stuff according to the side of
the camp says you're about to open a
Kiwi classic L&P
is as fresh as the historic day in 1907
when some indigenous payro a local first
discovered it unique lemony blend with a
spa sprinkling of magic leaves your body
and mind refresh so don't be shy take a
sip then a gulp okay I shall give it a
go it's very strange that this has no
smell whatsoever usually you can smell
something I don't know if that's normal
or not okay that's interesting
I was expecting that to be like a
lemonade type thing but it's got a lemon
flavor to it but it's definitely not
lemonade it's interesting
the ingredients on what does it say made
of acid salt doesn't tell me I don't
know that's funny because they mentioned
I can't remember the person's name I'm
terribly sorry but I've never tried this
before and had never heard of it but
when they mentioned it it sort of
reminded me that I'd seen something that
I thought that's what it was at the
supermarket when I got down there it was
actually that they've got in cans and
bottles and in all places it's actually
in the ethnic foods aisle which I found
funny because it's actually next to
these weird Asian ingredients and curry
pastes and things are better then you've
got this weird newzealand drink so hmm
that's nice actually it's not too sweet
it's got a sort of a
a tartness to it and it's it's quite
honest all right well I give that an 8
out of 10 I do like that although
admittedly this cost like three dollars
but it's worth a try
yes it's something different and I can
honestly now say that I've tried LMP
from New Zealand and I like it might be
worth trying the real stuff in New
Zealand when I go over there sometime
all right guys thanks for watching and
if you've got any other New Zealand
originals that you think I should try
let me know in the comment section below
and I'll see if I can track them down ok
lot's of luck to you all
and I'll talk to you later